Add update existing customer secenario (#2)
Telemagic/getting-started: scenarios/1-scenario-ImportAddresses.md

# Import addresses

This example shows how to import addresses into the system. It is a shell script which shows how to add a list of customers to a job.

```
LINK to API docs: https://<YOUR_SITE_NAME>.telemagic.no:8894/rest/#1316391243
```

It is a two-step process:

1. Initial request which uploads the list of addresses
1. Second request to check whether the upload was successful.

> The reason it is done this way, is that you might upload very many addresses which the server needs time to process, imagine thousands of addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason it is done this way, is that you might upload a lot of addresses which the server needs time to process, imagine thousands of addresses.
```

```
[
   {
      "customerField":{
         "ticket":"abc123",
         "whatever":"something or anything"
      },
      "phoneNo":"+4712312",
      "country":"Norway",
      "name":"Ola",
      "eMail":"ola@nordmann.com",
      "lastName":"Nordmann",
      "address":"South street 1",
      "zip":"1234",
      "city":"City name",
      "company":"Green Company",
      "companyContact":"Kontact K",
      "companySector":"Sector S",
      "customerId":"some-ext-id-1",
      "gender":"Male",
      "customerNote":"customer note 1",
      "sessionNote":"session note 1"
   }
]
```

In order to check whether the upload is a success or not, you need to check the status of the upload job, see 2). Example response can be like this, in case there was a failure:

```
{
   "id":1399,
   "project":"x",
   "job":"y",
   "duplicate":[

   ],
   "error":{
      "id":3922,
      "uploadId":1399,
      "entryCount":1,
      "result":"error",
      "duplicateProject":null,
      "duplicateJob":null,
      "contentType":"json"
   },
   "created":"2018-02-15T07:39:18.000+0000",
   "uploadedBy":"ApiCalls",
   "state":"completed"
}
```

> Note that phoneNo is required, the rest can be omitted. The fields inside *customerField* can be whatever you want, they are custom. When you design how the customer card should look, you can refer to these field names – and they will show up with the values you imported.

Reviewer: "The fields inside *customerField* can be whatever you want" - shouldn't you create those first? can you import a contact even if customerField doesn't exist?

Author: Yes, you can import what you want inside the customer field, will be added to customerField table instead of jobCustomer
